AI usage Journal 
Ahmad Jamshidi 
ajamshi1@terpmail.umd.edu
week 1 
I used AI for some tasks for reminders and todo list for my classes. I asked it to setup a degree completion plan for me for this year. 
I didn't use it for assignments only for concepts to understand some of my errors. I will not post links to my personal information 
as i believe it would not add to the assignment. I had to setup my groups for other classes and we had some issues with our time that we may be available. 
I signed up for some many AI for this class and other classes application for coding software. 
I have not tried all these AI so far idk how they are but I feel like gemini prompts 
are repetitive. I learn a lot about the AI and the functions I feel like they all service there purpose and should be used accordling.  

Week 2 AI usage Journal 

Ahmad Jamshidi 
ajamshi1@terpmail.umd.edu 

I use the claude AI to work on my assignment on colab I think the site is easy to use for coding and learning errors. I also looked through my degree completion plan to see if I needed to adjust a few more things. I didn't use it for assignments but did use it to help me understand a topic for this class and my 327 course. Like I said I don't want to post links to personal things since I believe it won't add much to this assignment. I had a meeting with my classmates over zoom to discuss our workshop for one of my classes. We went over the topic that we can reasearch. I like to learn more AI that help me make things easier like organzation and tasks. 

week 3 ai useage 

This week was very chill didnt do use much ai I was doing a lot more interactive writing and in person assignment. I had to built a radio from strech using the tool kit So i did use google gemnini for instructions. I use the tool to describe What I had to do for the assignment. not going to post personal links. its not safe and it won't add much to the assignment. I had zoom classes and had to catch up on some things so I used it to take notes. 

week 4 AI useage 
This week I used AI to relfect on the prompt we were given by prof to see how AI would response and relfect on what it captures and what it misses. I built a ciruit for my lab in one of my classes used the ai to teach me the topic and understand how to use the website cause it was my first time using it. I meet with my team about our group projects and we descided on new things we are going to work on. I am looking to improve on my coding skills and use AI less but use it as a way to learn coding by researching the concepts and seeing example. 


week 5 This week i used AI for some of my classes for instructions. I used gemini for some of the exceriese to help me understand the problem. 
I didn't understand the function so I look at chatgpt to for it to explain the topic.I asked AI to help me create scchduel for my projects coming up. I had some code errors for my project for inst 311. I was supposed to make website for my classes.I signed up for new AI tools for my psy100 class to make a test for how people think and act.  

week 6 AI usage I was working on ENG class and used the AI to summerize the readings but only to see what it was talking about and have to understand about it.I was in a zoom class I used the ai transcript things to help me remmeber what we did this class.The gardening project is coming together nicely. I like AI because it make's some of our task easier. 

week 7 AI usage This week my relfection for Ai to understanding coding lanaguage.I practiced the topics and function. 
I asked chat how to find the right product for my business. I asked it to show me charts on how I can find the product with most popularity.I looked at the db of the product to see the trends. I always go over the lect with my friends to explain the topics. 

